README.md, before:

# Gauzy

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy?ref=badge_shield)

Gauzy™ - Fair Profits Sharing

- **Open-Source Software** solving **fair sharing of technology**.
- **Stock Options** solving **fair sharing of profits _in the future_**.
- **Gauzy** solving **fair sharing of profits _today_**.

# Quick Start

- Intall [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn) (if you don't have it) with `npm i -g yarn`
- Install NPM packages with `yarn install`
- Seed Database with `yarn run seed`
- Run API with `yarn start:api` (by default runs on http://localhost:3000/api)
- Run Gauzy front-end with `yarn start`
- Open http://localhost:4200 in your browser

# Credits

This application uses Open Source components and 3rd party libraries, which are licensed under their own respective Open-Source licenses. You can find the links to source code of their open source projects along with license information below. We acknowledge and are grateful to these developers for their contributions to open source.

We are using:
- [Nx](https://nx.dev), a set of Angular CLI power-ups for modern development.
- [ngx-starter-kit](https://github.com/xmlking/ngx-starter-kit), Angular NestJS Starter Kit, released under [MIT](https://github.com/xmlking/ngx-starter-kit/blob/develop/LICENSE) & `Copyright (c) 2018 Sumanth Chinthagunta`
- [ngx-admin](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin), Angular Dashboard template, released under [MIT](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/blob/master/LICENSE) & `Copyright (c) 2017 akveo.com`

## How to use Nx

Please see our [Wiki page](https://github.com/ever-co/gauzy/wiki/How-to-use-Nx) about Nx usage

## Contribute

-   Please give us :star: on Github, it **helps**!
-   You are more than welcome to submit feature requests
-   Pull requests are always welcome! Please base pull requests against the _develop_ branch and follow the [contributing guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Collaborators and Contributors

### Development Team

#### Core

-   Ruslan Konviser ([Evereq](https://github.com/evereq))

#### Developers

-   Alish Meklyov ([Alish](https://github.com/AlishMekliov931))
-   Blagovest Gerov ([BlagovestGerov](https://github.com/BlagovestGerov))
-   Boyan Stanchev ([boyanstanchev](https://github.com/boyanstanchev))
-   Elvis Arabadjiyski ([Dreemsuncho](https://github.com/Dreemsuncho))
-   Emil Momchilov ([jew-er](https://github.com/jew-er))
-   Hristo Hristov ([hrimar](https://github.com/hrimar))

#### Graphic Designer & QA

-   Julia Konviser

### Contributors

-   View all of our [contributors](https://github.com/ever-co/gauzy/graphs/contributors)

## Contact Us

-   For business inquiries: <mailto:ever@ever.co>
-   Please report security vulnerabilities to <mailto:security@ever.co>

## Security

Gauzy™ follows good security practices, but 100% security cannot be guaranteed in any software!  
Gauzy™ is provided AS IS without any warranty. Use at your own risk!  
See more details in the [LICENSE](LICENSE).

In a production setup, all client-side to server-side (backend, APIs) communications should be encrypted using HTTPS/WSS/SSL (REST APIs, GraphQL endpoint, Socket.io WebSockets, etc.).

## License

This software is available under [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the corresponding licenses described in the LICENSE files located in software sub-folders and under the terms of licenses described in individual files.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

You should have received a copy of the relevant GNU Licenses along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy?ref=badge_large)

## Trademarks

Gauzy™ is a trademark of Ever Co. LTD.  
All other brand and product names are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of their respective holders.

#### Copyright © 2019, Ever Co. LTD. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

feat: auto seed DB on first API start

README.md, after:

# Gauzy

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy?ref=badge_shield)

Gauzy™ - Fair Profits Sharing

- **Open-Source Software** solving **fair sharing of technology**.
- **Stock Options** solving **fair sharing of profits _in the future_**.
- **Gauzy** solving **fair sharing of profits _today_**.

# Quick Start

- Intall [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn) (if you don't have it) with `npm i -g yarn`
- Install NPM packages with `yarn install`
- Run API with `yarn start:api` (by default runs on http://localhost:3000/api)
- Run Gauzy front-end with `yarn start`
- Open http://localhost:4200 in your browser

Note: during the first API start, DB will be automatically seed with initial data if no users found. 
You can run seed any moment manually (e.g. if you changed entities schemas) with `yarn run seed` command to re-initialize DB (warning: unsafe for production!).

# Credits

This application uses Open Source components and 3rd party libraries, which are licensed under their own respective Open-Source licenses. You can find the links to source code of their open source projects along with license information below. We acknowledge and are grateful to these developers for their contributions to open source.

We are using:
- [Nx](https://nx.dev), a set of Angular CLI power-ups for modern development.
- [ngx-starter-kit](https://github.com/xmlking/ngx-starter-kit), Angular NestJS Starter Kit, released under [MIT](https://github.com/xmlking/ngx-starter-kit/blob/develop/LICENSE) & `Copyright (c) 2018 Sumanth Chinthagunta`
- [ngx-admin](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin), Angular Dashboard template, released under [MIT](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/blob/master/LICENSE) & `Copyright (c) 2017 akveo.com`

## How to use Nx

Please see our [Wiki page](https://github.com/ever-co/gauzy/wiki/How-to-use-Nx) about Nx usage

## Contribute

-   Please give us :star: on Github, it **helps**!
-   You are more than welcome to submit feature requests
-   Pull requests are always welcome! Please base pull requests against the _develop_ branch and follow the [contributing guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Collaborators and Contributors

### Development Team

#### Core

-   Ruslan Konviser ([Evereq](https://github.com/evereq))

#### Developers

-   Alish Meklyov ([Alish](https://github.com/AlishMekliov931))
-   Blagovest Gerov ([BlagovestGerov](https://github.com/BlagovestGerov))
-   Boyan Stanchev ([boyanstanchev](https://github.com/boyanstanchev))
-   Elvis Arabadjiyski ([Dreemsuncho](https://github.com/Dreemsuncho))
-   Emil Momchilov ([jew-er](https://github.com/jew-er))
-   Hristo Hristov ([hrimar](https://github.com/hrimar))

#### Graphic Designer & QA

-   Julia Konviser

### Contributors

-   View all of our [contributors](https://github.com/ever-co/gauzy/graphs/contributors)

## Contact Us

-   For business inquiries: <mailto:ever@ever.co>
-   Please report security vulnerabilities to <mailto:security@ever.co>

## Security

Gauzy™ follows good security practices, but 100% security cannot be guaranteed in any software!  
Gauzy™ is provided AS IS without any warranty. Use at your own risk!  
See more details in the [LICENSE](LICENSE).

In a production setup, all client-side to server-side (backend, APIs) communications should be encrypted using HTTPS/WSS/SSL (REST APIs, GraphQL endpoint, Socket.io WebSockets, etc.).

## License

This software is available under [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the corresponding licenses described in the LICENSE files located in software sub-folders and under the terms of licenses described in individual files.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

You should have received a copy of the relevant GNU Licenses along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fever-co%2Fgauzy?ref=badge_large)

## Trademarks

Gauzy™ is a trademark of Ever Co. LTD.  
All other brand and product names are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of their respective holders.

#### Copyright © 2019, Ever Co. LTD. All rights reserved.
